All right the last video we set up our main post loop for this recent news area.
This is all coming from WordPress.
However down here these are all just static content.
So let's start with the featured stories.
Basically what we wanted to happen is for any posts that are labeled as the featured category or labeled
in the featured carob category those will show up here.
So let's open up index BHP and let's go down to our featured stories area and we're going to want to
go right where the owl is.
We want to go right under that and then we're going to create a while loop with a custom queery and
then spit out a list item for each loop.
OK.
So we only need this one.
We can get rid of these other ones down here.
So right up to here.
All right.
And then what we'll do is right here we're going to say THP let's create a variable called featured
queery.
And that's going to be set to new W.P. underscore queery.
And then in here we're going to have an array and it's just going to have one option that's going to
be a category name.
And then we're going to set that to featured.
OK and then we can do our while loop.
So I will say ph P while featured queery have posts and then we want to do
pre-chewed queery the post
and then we can end it down here
.
Save it all right now just to make sure it's working let's change the title here to PH P the title.
OK.
Now let's go back to the front end and then these titles here should change so let's reload and I can
see that it has a different title.
And if we scroll through they all have different titles.
So let's do the image.
OK so we can copy what we did up in the regular loop for an image which is this the post thumbnail copy
that
put that there.
And then for where it says BBDO we can grab the date using the time function
and then we can grab the X or
with that here.
Right.
So save that.
Now if we go back and reload you'll notice that the image is too small.
So the reason for that is because we're still using or is it this news thumb.
So what I'm going to do is change this to news large save it and then go into functions P P and we're
going to create a new image size called News large.
And this is actually going to be 790 by 380.
So now we'll go back and there you go.
So notice only the featured images are featured posts should be showing.
OK.
Now for the popular again this consists of creating a custom query.
So we're going to go back into index go down to where we have our popular and let's go right under this
UL
and we're going to create a variable called args and set that to an array K and then in that array we're
going to have
we'll do order by and we want to order by comment content.
OK we also want the posts per page and we're going to set that to three.
All right.
And then what we're gonna do is create a variable called popular queery and let's put that to new W.P.
underscore queery and then just pass in the args.
All right and then we can do our while loop.
Let's get rid of all but one of these list items.
OK there's only three so we'll get rid of two and then we'll do our while loop.
So say while popular queery have posts
and then we want to do.
Popular queery the post
and it down here
and let's change where we have the image.
We're going to get rid of that and replace it
with p p.
The Post thumbnail.
OK.
And we're going to create a custom size for this called news popular.
All right so let's go create that for I forget
and this is actually going to be 300 by 150.
Save that.
Now this one actually doesn't have a title.
So I'm going to put that in.
So this paragraph we're going to get rid of that and then we're going to do with the title
and the x or
K title is going to be wrapped in H force and then we also want to link around the title.
OK so the link is going to just go to PH D.
The permalink
.
All right.
And then next to the title I also want to put the number of comments.
So we'll go right after the a
let's do ph P comments underscore number and then we can pass in a couple parameters here.
First one is going to be no responses that's if there are none.
Second one will be if there is one response
and then the third one will be if there's multiple responses which we can use the percent sign as a
placeholder.
OK so let's save that reload and there we go.
So with none of them have any comments yet.
But once they do this will be ordered by the comments.
All right.
Awesome.
So the last part we need to do is down here and this is going to be the business post.
OK anything with the category of business.
So let's go back to our index page go down to the last part here
and I'm actually going to put a heading right here and we'll just say new in business
.
All right.
And then we're going to go right below the UL and actually you want to copy what I have up here with
featured so this and then even the while loop
ok will just change this to business
.
OK and then we'll end it
and get rid of the rest of these allies
.
Okay.
And then for the image let's copy what we have up here
.
OK.
This one has a class.
It says a class of half bottom space.
Actually let's copy what we have up here with the feature.
So this
all right.
And then the title
the date
.
Put that right there and then we'll have the excerpt
All right.
So take a look
see.
Don't I have the correct size News large that needs to be news.
What they call it news thumb.
Yeah.
There we go.
So these are all the business listings.
OK so we have all the flag posts.
We have the featured posts the popular posts and then the business posts.
So that's our homepage.
So now if we click one of these posts actually you know what this appear
these need to have links on that title.
So let's go back to the featured
in where we have the title.
Let's add a link
.
Wrap that around that.
See what that looks like.
OK.
So other was the feature.
All right so that's fine.
Now for the top ones.
Find the title in all just wrap the link around that as well.
Let's do the same thing for popular we already did it and then we need the business ones as well.
So it's the title.
All right.
So now we can access the single posts.
So if we click on that single post page looks absolutely horrible.
So that's what we'll be working on next.